# README

### Cross Solar ###

Cross-Solar is a backend web application created by a startup company called “Green Energy Analytics” in Texas - USA. This application collects energy analytics for solar panels every hour.

Notes:
 * Project accepts data for registered panels only, and to register panel; serial number must be 16 characters length, and latitude/longitude contains 6 decimal places.
 * Frontend application excluded from the current scope. It is a separate, fully-functioning application handled by another team, so we do not want to modify it.

Tasks:
 1) Increase unit test coverage to reach 60%, achieving more than 60% will only consume your valuable time without extra score.
 2) Find bugs and fix them, hint: we provided Cross-Solar application in a good structure, so no need to spend your valuable time on structure modifications,  just focus on fixing bugs.
 3) Frontend team wants to display panel’s all historical data in a chart, in which each point represents electricity generated by this panel each day [sum, min, max, average] up to the end of previous day , your goal is to implement backend part of this task, API specifications already there in code as agreed with Frontend team, and it is ok to implement this task without any optimization.


### Prerequisites ###

* MySQL >= 5.6
* Ruby >= 2.3.0
* Bundler


### Setup Instructions ###

Add your local database password to config/database.yml.

In Terminal / Command Line, navigate to this directory (The directory containing README.md) and run the following commands:
* bundle install
* rake db:create
* rake db:migrate
* rails s

You can then access the api using your prefered toolset (Postman, Curl, etc).


### Evaluation ###

During evaluation, we will run your project using the production environment.

Please make sure to run the following steps before submitting your completed project:
 1) Run your unit tests.
 2) Check code coverage.
 3) Ensure that the application is compiling and all dependencies are included.

Please submit your project as a git-patch file with the name cross-solar-ruby-<YOUR-FULL-NAME>.patch (use dash "-" instead of any space). Create your patch file using the following Git CLI commands:
 * git add --all && git commit -m "My submission"
 * git format-patch initial-commit --stdout > cross-solar-ruby-<YOUR-FULL-NAME>.patch

Store your patch file in a shared location where the Crossover team can access and download it for evaluation. Add your sharable link in the answer field of this question.
